fields, the funding priorities that have changed
so much. And consequently, all this stuff kind of
focuses. And it's really hard to feel great about
the growth in math and science when you haven't had
any growth. OK.
On question number nine, or eight or nine, can you
think back to some of the highlights or maybe what
you feel has been your biggest contribution? And
in light of that, maybe an insight or an anecdote or
an observation or something that sort of focuses
what you feel good and... And I know there's a lot of
good things. As you can tell by the Saturday's
comments, I have not felt real good about what's
going on in recent times. Right, right. But... The
finest times I had here were when I was able to work
closely with underground. That's something I've
not been able to do for a long time. The
cohesiveness that we had seems to have been lost,
but there have been various times when different
groups have been really cohesive and they've been
a lot of fun to work with. You can't make him. No one
wins all the time. So that's not an altogether bad
thing. I was very proud of what we were doing in
educational technology. I thought we were
bringing together people and moving it forward
quite well. And I thought the research that was
underway was right at the forefront. And I was
really very proud of it. So that hurt.
curious, giving it up.
And we do have, still, a real strong, loyal group of
doctoral graduates who continue to send us
outstanding students and encourage them to come
and work with us and who follow them with great
interest.
strong and second to none, I think. Can you tell me
just a little tiny bit about the focus of what you
will be doing now? Well... And how you feel about
that effort? The part that's dealing with the
development and advancement program for the
college is exciting and challenging and most
ambiguous. Because there's no part of it
structured at this
point. The amorphous problem of trying to sort out
what the priorities of the college are, who might
be interested in which priorities, who might deal
with what will be resolved. So I have some
apprehensions there, like anyone does when they
approach something new. This is a field that I've
not dealt with before. I look forward to having
more time to work with my graduate students. I
found the department headship interfered
substantially in my ability, one, to do any of my
own research, and also to give them the kind of time
and support that they need. And will this be what
your research will be focused on then, what you
will be doing? I would hope that my research is of
interest to graduate students. And I would hope to
attract graduate students who wanted to do the
kind of research that I'm doing. Are you talking
about the development type? No. Oh. No. But the
research that I'm interested in in technological
literacy or in relationships between education
and work, the industrial training and
development work, are areas where I have not had a
chance to do enough active research to get
graduate students who wanted to do that kind of
research. The project that I'm working on right
now with development is not something graduate
students can work on. That's why I was confused.
No. OK. They're really two different things. All
right. And you worked with the Development
Council, or you were part of it since the very
beginning. Can you give me just a couple of
sentences on how you feel that that has evolved, or
did evolve, or where it could go?
Collison College has never clearly specified
what it wants from the Development Council. It's
been very satisfied at times with what it got, and
very dissatisfied at times with what it got, and
nobody knows why.
Until the The college gives the Development
Council a clear statement of priority. It's
unlikely that we can get it. The thing that is being
confused at the Development Council is advice and
advancement. If you want a group for advice, you
give them the problems you're seeking advice
about. If you want a group for advancement, you
outline the program that you have in mind and seek
their assistance. And we've confused the two.
That's what I think I've learned so far. OK. In
closing, you have any words of wisdom or anything
that you want to bring closer? Well, I'm sure
you're going to find lots and lots and lots of
variation in perception. Oh, absolutely. The
College of Ed, in my opinion, has made enormous
strides in the 12 years that I've been here. It has
not, however, decided whether it wants to be a
top-flight research college or whether it wants
to do teacher education. and in what mix it wants to
do them. It's quite appropriate that it do both,
but it's still trying to define where it wants to be
in that sense too. That at least is getting some
attention this year, some real active attention.
I think if we can come out of that with clearer
answers, we stand a chance then of being much
stronger in the future. You think that new
upheaval and all those changes might bring that
about? It could. I think it really could. Because I
think the faculty are far more versatile than
their performance would indicate. And if we
decided we really wanted to have a research base in
areas that don't currently have a research base,
we could get that. I sure do thank you for your
perceptions and your contribution to this study
and I hope that I can come back and ask you some more
questions as I start trying to analyze all the